PMM-12425   QAN picking different date range will cause an error (#1197)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/release-notes/2.41.1.md

## Bugs Fixed

> - [PMM-12425](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12425) - Resolved issue with Query Analytics when using ‘now’ in the form instead of a specific time for the time range.

Author: ```suggestion
- [PMM-12425](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12425) - [QAN] Resolved issue with Query Analytics when using ‘now’ in the form instead of a specific time for the time range.
```

## Bugs Fixed

> - [PMM-12425](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12425) - [QAN] Resolved issue with Query Analytics when using ‘now’ in the form instead of a specific time for the time range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PMM-12425](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12425) - [QAN]: The **Absolute time range** time picker on the **Query Analytics (QAN)** page no longer displays an error when using 'now' instead of a specific timestamp for filtering dashboard data.

```
